Tony Kaizen:
What's up, my friend?
In this episode of Kaizen after Dark,
we're going to listen to the NFL quarterback Aaron Rodgers
tell a story about a bitter and spiteful college professor
he had back in the day. And just in case you're not familiar
with Aaron Rodgers, he's currently the quarterback of the
American football team, the Green Bay Packers. That name
might sound a little strange to you, but the name of the
team is really 'The Packers', and they're based in the city
of Green Bay, Wisconsin. But anyway, in this episode, you're
going to hear Aaron talk about the time that one of his
college professors purposely gave him a failing grade and
tried to get him expelled from school. And just in case you
don't know, the word "expelled" in this case means to force
someone to leave and never come back. So if you're expelled
from school, they basically ban you from being a student
forever. So, let's get right into this clip so you can hear
exactly what Aaron did to make this woman so angry.
Aaron Rodgers:
And one of my favorite stories about somebody who didn't
believe in me was I had this teacher at Cal and I wrote this
paper in a food appreciation class.
That was the class...food appreciation.
Interviewer:
I could go to that class.
Aaron Rodgers:
And there was like 15 nf, 15... 15 kids on the team in that
class, class of like, let's say 120 people, right? And I
wrote a paper and she said I cited incorrectly. So we had
these breakout classes, um, of the 120, there'd be like six
breakout classes of 20. So in my class of 20,uh, let's say
15, it was like three fourths. So 15 of the kids didn't cite
it exactly how she said. 14 of 'em got to rewrite the paper,
not me.
So I said, "Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go see her at her...
at her hours.", right? So at Cal, we, we had practice at 2
o'clock, so you had to be up top at the football facility at
2 o'clock. So I told my quarterback coach, "I'm going to be
late this day. I got to go to the teacher's hours, which
start at 2 o'clock." So I went to her office and she was
ready for me. She had my paper out. I said, "Look, I'm not
asking for a special privilege here, but the other 14 kids
who got, who got an F on the paper got to rewrite the paper
and I didn't." And she ripped me apart. "You are an entitled
athlete. You expect things to be given to you. What are you
gonna do with your life?" I said, "I'm gonna play in the
NFL." She said, "No way in hell."
Interviewer:
No way in hell?
Aaron Rodgers:
"You won't make it. You'll get hurt. You'll never make it."
Interviewer:
Whoa.
Aaron Rodgers:
"You will need your education and you will never make it.
And what I've seen from you is you won't amount to
anything."
Interviewer:
Oh my god.
Aaron Rodgers:
And I said, "Watch me."
Interviewer:
What a terrible thing to say to a kid.
Aaron Rodgers:
So big props to that, uh, food appreciation teacher at Cal
for trying to... trying to ruin, you know, my life and my
dreams and you just gave me some ammo.
Tony Kaizen:
If you're reading the transcript, it's probably much easier
to follow Aaron's story. But just in case it's still not
clear, I'm gonna summarize what's been said so far. So Aaron
had to write an essay for his food appreciation class
--whatever the fuck that is-- and his professor said that he
and some other students hadn't followed the instructions
correctly, so they got a failing grade. But the problem was
that the professor had decided to let everyone except Aaron
rewrite the paper and get a passing grade. Aaron was the
only one who had to accept his failing grade. This was
obviously unfair so Aaron decided to go and speak with that
professor after class. But when he sat down to speak with
her, he realized that she was intentionally trying to make
his life harder and give him failing grades. The professor
didn't like Aaron because she thought he was spoiled,
privileged and that he expected everything to be done for
him because he was a talented college athlete. That might
not make sense to you if you don't know how universities
work here in the US. But many people believe that star
university athletes get special treatment because they're
essentially like local celebrities. Now, Aaron's professor
ultimately asked him what he was planning to do with his
life, and when he said he was gonna be a professional
football player, she told him that he had absolutely no
chance of becoming a pro and that he would never be anyone
significant in this world. Now why she said that to him? I
suppose only she knows...but according to Aaron, all that
did was give him another source of motivation to reach his
goal. But let's keep listening to hear the rest of the
story.
Aaron Rodgers:
Big props to that, uh, food appreciation teacher at Cal for
trying to... trying to ruin, you know, my life and my dreams
and you just gave me some ammo.
Interviewer:
But what a just irresponsible way to communicate with
someone who's young and has their whole life ahead of them.
But then again, that's part of the problem is that people
who don't have their whole life ahead of them anymore and
then they see people coming up and they, they get upset.
They're upset by people that they deem to be privileged. Are
they deemed to have a better place in life than they had?
Aaron Rodgers:
The crazy thing is, I was probably the best athlete student
in that class. And the one who was actually trying to take
it seriously.
Interviewer:
So she did, she specifically singled you out
Aaron Rodgers:
Yep.
Interviewer:
just because you're an athlete and didn't allow you to... So
she wanted to damage...
Aaron Rodgers:
And the best part is so, so I'm late to my CUBI meeting and
I have a meeting after practice that day with the...the
liaison. He was,I don't know what his exact title was, but
he was the liaison between the players and the school,
basically. And I said, "Hey, look, here's what happened. I
went in this office..." I told the whole story, you know? I
was trying to get the same treatment as the other 14 kids
who got to rewrite the paper and she kind of ripped my ass
and, and was a little derogatory. I didn't think that was,
you know, fair or appropriate.
They brought some heat down on her so she had a vendetta
against me. At the end of the semester, she wrote up a
3-page paper trying to get me, uh, expelled from campus. I
had to go in front of the Judicial Affairs Board at Cal in
like something like kangaroo court and ended up having to
write...
it was two options one, expulsion or two, I could write an
apology letter to this teacher. She like, made up all this
great...said I was late to class every day, I was
disruptive. I literally was on time every day, sat in the
middle of the row and was probably one of the only football
players actually taking notes and paying attention.
Interviewer:
So she just lied?
Aaron Rodgers:
Yeah.
Interviewer:
Wow. (laughs) Maybe she had a thing with football players.
Aaron Rodgers:
I dunno. (laugh)
Interviewer:
Just, that's, it's so sad that there's people like that out
there. That...
Aaron Rodgers:
But that's social... Isn't that social media to an extent
now?
Interviewer:
Yes. Yeah.
Aaron Rodgers:
It's people who are upset and bitter and want to be offended
by something and so they'll do anything to, like, make
themselves feel better. If I can put somebody down, if I can
rip somebody apart, if I can find somebody offended about.
And then, yeah, away we go.
Interviewer:
That's that old expression, right? Hurt people hurt people.
Aaron Rodgers:
Yeah.
Interviewer:
She's a damaged lady and she decided to take it out on you.
(laughs)
Aaron Rodgers:
Took it out on the wrong person though.
Tony Kaizen:
Alright, my friend. Let me summarize the second half of this
story for you. So once Aaron realized that his college
professor was out to get him, he decided to let some school
officials know what was happening. Now, this resulted in the
professor being reprimanded by her superiors, which only
made her hate Aaron even more. Now, in an effort to seek
revenge on Aaron, this bitter college professor wrote a
3-page paper explaining why Aaron should be expelled from
the university. She lied and said that Aaron was a horrible
student, always late and always disruptive in class. As a
result, Aaron was forced to choose between writing an
apology letter to the professor or being expelled from the
university. And mind you, this is all because he simply
asked the woman why he couldn't rewrite his essay like the
rest of the students. Now, we must acknowledge the fact that
we haven't heard the professor's side of this story. But
assuming that everything Aaron said was true, I can't help
but wonder what it was that made this college professor so
spiteful, you know?
What exactly has she experienced in life that made her want
to bring other people down and make them as miserable as she
was? Now, maybe it's a waste of time to think about stuff
like that, but I still find it interesting. Well, what we do
know is that although this experience might have caused
Aaron some trouble at the time, it certainly didn't stop him
from reaching his goal. He became the quarterback of the
Green Bay Packers and even won the Super Bowl championship
back in 2011. So let this be a lesson to you, my friend.
When you're trying to level up in life, there will
undoubtedly be some people who don't want to see you
succeed. There will be people who try to discourage you,
tear you down and make you feel like a loser. And this is
not something you can control. Now, what you can control,
though, is how you respond to all that hatred. You can let
it stop you from going after what you want or you can use it
as a source of motivation to work even harder and prove to
yourself that you are capable of achieving success in life.
I want to thank you so much for your time and your
attention, my friend. I hope you enjoyed this episode of
Kaizen after Dark.
There are many, many more coming soon and I will talk to you
soon. Peace.